---
title: Vampire Diary
date: '2022-10-03T21:21:11.284Z'
author: Beadey
---

John was a vampire, though John wasn’t his real name. He had been born János, <em>just</em> János, sometime in the 13th century just outside a town called Vizsoly in what people call Hungary today. He doesn’t remember a whole lot about life near Vizsoly. It had been a long time and the times had really changed since then. He does remember when he died though, or more accurately, when he was attacked by a vampire. 

He was just doing his thing of farming in the field one summer, as he did every summer when he saw some smoke on the horizon. At first he thought it was the guy who claimed to be the king of the region, who had just taken over a few years before and was somewhat of a tyrant about it. Instead of just claiming he was king, he had to go around burning villages to the ground who didn’t pay enough tribute to him. John was a farmer and he had to pay a lot of tribute unfortunately. All kings want, for the most part, was food. John didn’t remember his name but there was a blacksmith in town who was pretty bad at his job. The king didn’t want any of his tributes. John wanted to become a blacksmith. 

The smoke ended up not being from the king. It was an invading army who swept through what is called today Eastern Europe by an army which is referred today as the Mongols. They destroyed everything in their path, including John’s farm, his house and of course killed everyone, John included. Technically they didn’t kill John, they stabbed him with a spear and left him to die as he lay in his field, bleeding to death, but he didn’t end up dying. At night time, the vampires came. As John would later find out vampires loved war because most of them were too shy to kill people face to face. So, vampires would either get high up in a warlord’s ranks or be a warlord themselves and just start war. They could sit back, have everyone do their fighting and wait til it had all cleared out to reap the rewards.

John was still alive, though just barely when he had his blood sucked. He was in that weird sleepy state where you know it’s going to happen and you aren’t afraid anymore. Vampires are supposed to wait for you to be just dead if they don’t want to turn you into a vampire. But you can’t be too dead otherwise the blood congeals and it gets stuck on your teeth and in your throat. There’s a very strict quota of vampires to people ratio that in those days the vampires didn’t really stick to. A lot of people from John’s village turned to vampires that night. Thank god John was in his 20s. It’s a bit easier to reinvent yourself decade after decade if you are of an age where you look like you should be independent. Some kids were turned to vampires and they were stuck at 7 for centuries. There’s a rule against that as well in the vampire world but back then people didn’t really pay attention to the rules.

John woke up the next day feeling fine, though very hungry, wounds healed and noticing all the things vampires are supposed to notice - dislike for the sun, unquenchable hunger, fear of crosses etc etc. It took him a long while to figure out that he was immortal, like 20 years. And still then he didn’t piece everything together. In those days, there wasn’t the formal process like there is today. Once you became a vampire, you just sort of kept on living, quit aging and changed all your habits without understanding why. 

John remembers the first time he heard the word vampire. A bunch of vampires had discovered a nice town in what is called Germany today right on the cusp of the Black Forest, which was still called the Black Forest back then but in a different language. It was a nice little town with a lake, the forest provided lots of shade and it was overall the ideal place for a vampire to live. It was cute. He overheard some locals talking about bloodsuckers that only came out at night called vampires and how they feared one may be in the town. The way they said it sounded so bad. And then he realized they were talking about him and people like him. Needless to say John was extremely embarrassed. It was really the first experience of culture shock John had ever felt as a vampire. He never realized there was this <em>us versus them</em> thing between himself and people who weren’t like him, but apparently there was. He stuck to the rules - followed a warpath and waiting for the casualties to die off and then feast - so there was no need to see him as threat. In those days there was a war or battle like every week somewhere so it didn’t even cross his mind that he use them for their resources. Also in those times, he didn’t go by John or János but Jan. 

Life was pretty good if he played his cards right. However, the one thing John did not expect being so difficult was the accents. He was born in 12-something Hungary, natively spoke an ancient form of regional Hungarian, yet if he continued speaking like that, he would instantly come off like an outsider. He had to learn pretty quickly to get the accents down, especially as the vampire numbers grew, which, as you may recall was bound to happen with all the vampires disregarding the rules. So most people instantly thought you were a vampire if you had a funny way of talking. 

It takes a long time to master an accent. If John did the math, he’d probably realize that of his 800+ year life, 200 years of it have been spent nailing the accent of wherever he is living. It’s quite tough. Look at Arnold Schwarzenegger for example. He’s been living in the US for longer than he lived in Austria at this point but still sounds as if he just set foot on American soil. Definitely not a vampire. The only real way to get the accent down was to sneak around and listen to people talk. But it was hard because he had to stay out of the sunlight. There was a very small window every night and every morning where John would stalk people to overhear their conversations while at home, remember as much as he could and then hurry home to practice all night. John hated it when he had to move towns and would oftentimes try to avoid it at all costs unless he was either discovered as a vampire or couldn’t continue disguising himself to appear any older as everyone else continued to actually age. It was nice when there was another vampire he could practice with to get the accent just right.

Some vampires just gave up trying to keep up with the changes. They’d do the stereotypical vampire thing and have a huge castle with some outcast from the nearby village handling all their affairs. John didn’t blame them but whenever he met up with them for dinner, they always seemed very sad or crazy or boring. The sad or crazy ones were interesting for a night of hanging out, but the boring ones had John realizing he had somewhere to be and needed to leave sooner than planned. A lot of times the night started crazy but turned boring after he realized the crazy was just a show. Some of the isolated castle vampires would have significant others but it was definitely the vampires who were into bondage who did this. It was never a relationship on equal footing. The partner was always in a slave-like position. Some people loved this. Some people wanted nothing more than to live in a lonely castle with an eccentric weirdo with an outdated way of talking and no common cultural reference points. John found it was typically men who enjoyed being the vampire’s slave more than women. John had slept with some vampire women. They knew what they were doing.

As far as John was concerned, the 1970s were it. That’s when everything really started picking up for him and other vampires. There had been a big vampire scare leading up to the 70s but with the advent of movies, radio and TV he knew he just had to hang on for a bit and he could live in anonymity forever and with all the huge wars of the 20th century no one had to go hungry. With a boom in electronics and extended broadcasting hours, John could study the accents pretty much all hours a day. The CIA was going on so many covert operations that he found himself vacationing all over the Middle East, South America and central Africa. He could even buy records of famous speeches and listen to those for cues, although he got a record of some of FDR’s fireside chats and those did not go over well. In the 1980s he bought a tape deck with a microphone and for the first time was able to record his voice and play it back make recursive adjustments. 

Around 2008, John realized vampires were in a golden age. The internet was getting way more prevalent and there were accents from pretty much any place on earth all over YouTube. Not to mention with terms like “no end in sight” and “quagmire” being thrown around to describe the concurrent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, it appeared war was back to stay, and why wouldn’t it? Someone very high up and very visible in Bush’s administration was a vampire, though John would never say who, but in the vampire world he was apparently extremely recognizable. Obama also appointed 3 vampires in his administration which was a huge win. Vampires were almost at the point where they felt they could be accepted but knew better to out themselves. Witch and Vampire were interchangeable terms for much of his life and when vampires got too comfortable there was inevitably some witch killings that lasted for decades. It happened in Spain, it happened in New England and it happened in Persia. Their methods of killing the vampires didn’t work but it was altogether embarrassing and to be avoided at all costs. No one wanted to have to move away and learn a new accent.

John never really got a grasp on Trump. No one high up in his administration was a vampire (the Secretary of Education or Agriculture or someone was but not in a position to affect pro-vampire policy), and he kept saying terms that caught the attention of vampires: “witch hunt” and “deep state” being the most common but in some contexts “tremendous” and “low energy” could also be construed as common vampire words. Even the nickname “Sleepy Joe” tracked as vampire because sleepy was a term used to denote someone was just about to pass away and would be fresh for consuming. There was a lot of vampiric conspiracy theory under Trump, some claiming he was a pro-vampire some claiming he was anti-vampire. John wasn’t quite sure, as both sides made compelling arguments in how they broke down his media appearances, the amount of makeup he wore and side by side photos of him 20 or 30 years ago which proved he was or was not wearing a fat suit and disguising his youthful skin behind prosthetics. It was too hard for John to tell. If he was a vampire, John was pretty sure he had become a vampire fairly recently, maybe in the mid-1980s. But John leaned more towards Trump just said things that accidentally overlapped with vampire speak. It happened a lot with people from New York.

One thing John did know is he really envied the vampires who got into it in the past 50 years or so. At times, John wanted to go up to a random stranger in an alley or some secluded place, bite them on the neck and say “Congrats! You are now a vampire living in the greatest time ever to be a vampire!” John was ultimately too shy to do this. He tried it once but got too embarrassed when the person kept looking back at him and walking faster, clearly worried. Deep down, he was still that hick farmer out on the field just outside of Vizsoly. As cool and seductive and dangerous as movies made vampires seem, most of them were just shy people who were still mad about something their parents made them do when they were 5. 

“What can I get you?” 

John looked back at the bartender. It was finally his turn.

“I’ll have a White Claw slushie,” John barked at the bartender. 

It was loud in the club. The bartender nodded and went over to the slushie machine with an oversized plastic martini glass. John had been living in Miami which had been mostly fine for him. It was international enough that he didn’t have to stay on top of his accents and big enough that he could mix up scenes if people in his circles started asking prodding questions. Inevitably they would move or die or get too old to go to the same spots. He had time on his side. He had gotten into good shape but never took his shirt off, mostly because the only reason to was if he was at the beach, which he never was. 

He was dating another vampire, which he rarely did before, but they had been living in some of the same places over the centuries and things just worked out in Miami. She was an ass model on Instagram with an OnlyFans page where she mostly just spanked her butt in a bikini with a leather paddle. She didn’t need to do this for money but many vampires liked the aspect of hypnotizing people since most of them were bad at it in real life. Porn was therefore a coveted career choice for vampires. There was something very appealing about being watched, out in the open. It was a huge status signal to other vampires if you could do it. John tried out for it but they told him his cock wouldn’t get clicks. 

The bartender brought back the White Claw slushie and set it on the counter in front of John. He handed over his credit card to open a tab and walked back to his girlfriend, Danielle, or Aalis as she was originally named in 14th century France. John didn’t get the correlation but he handed her the martini glass anyway.

“Take a sip!” she yelled in her unfamiliar cadence. Danielle didn’t care about the accents. She had always been pretty so she had mostly evaded all suspicion her whole life. She didn’t even need good lies to cover for it. A few times she even told people she didn’t know where she was from and they thought that was an acceptable answer.

John took a sip. He pretended to hate it but he actually really loved it. He thought vampires should only like really old red wines but he found that the sweet cocktails were his favorite, especially anything with Bailey’s. Danielle got in close to John. 

“I want to turn someone into a vampire tonight,“ she said choppily while giving him a naughty look.

“Whatever you want,” John said in perfect 2011 Orange County English. 

Danielle handed the martini glass back to John and went to go dance sexily with a group of girls who looked like they were on a bachelorette party.
